Before running codes in this Replication folder， please run code from file "Set jupyter.txt" in the terminal and use the terminal to run all code.
If you see (√)， this file can run smoothly after adjustments.

File1.jl (√): Density Estimation.(Section 2.1-2.3 3.1 3.2 5.1.2) 
By this file, we can estimate a cross-sectional density of transformed earning-to-gdp ratio for each period t.
Output includes different approximation order K (4,6,8,10,14,22) (See file "results/fVAR10tc")
The location of knots is determined by ourselves.

Why do we use MLE in this step? 
The short answer is to gain the sieve coefficients. 
In the paper, at first, the state-transition and measurement equations are equations (9) and (6).
Because of the inclusion of the distributional variable, this system is nonlinear. 
To avoid this, we need to replace equation (6) with (14). The latter is the MLE of density coefficients.
If the distributional data is top coded, this new transition equation can be adjusted to (23).

What does compression mean? 
The coefficients vector (alpha^(wave+hat)_t) probably has colinearity.
To avoid it and take a cut short, we need to compress the alpha coefficients.

See the final state space model in sectional 3.3

File2.jl (√): Percentiles Computation. (Section 5.1.2) 
From File1, we gain spline density for each distribution. 
In File2, we compute percentiles for each density.

File3.m: Compariation between actual data and spline estimation result. See Figure 6-Bottom row.

File4.m: Ditto. See Figure 6-Top row.

File5.m: Estimated Log Earnings Distributions. Because, in this paper, the distributional variable is a 
transformed data, the author needs to compare data distribution before and after transformation.

File6.jl (√): Log MDD Estimation with K(4,6,8,10,14,22). (Section 2.4 5.1.4)

What is MDD, and why do we need that?
In File1.jl, we gain the sieve approximation of all K. 
But, we still need to determine which K is suitable (model selection).
In File6.jl, we derive the marginal data density(MDD) by the Bayesian framework.
Equation (15) defines the MDD formula. 
After adjustments, the equation (15) becomes equation (20).
In this process, some considerations are included, such as maximized likelihood function from the 
cross-sectional density estimation and the penalty for model complexity.

How to use MDD to determine K?
It can help determine K and other hyperparameters.
See Section 5.1.4. But I need more details.


File8.jl (√)： The estimation of the state-space model.(Section 3.3 3.4 5.1.3 5.1.4)
A common estimation of the state-space model
The prior distribution is the IW distribution.
The MCMC method is a Gibbs sampler.

File9.jl (√): computes percentiles from
smoothed alpha states using posterior mean parameter estimates.
See A.C.3 We compare estimated and smoothed coefficients' results.

File12.jl (√): Aggregate shocks identification and IRFs Computation. (Section 5.2.1)
IRF of aggregate variables to aggregate shocks.

File14.jl (√): IRFs computation for transformed density in response to an aggregate shock. (Section 5.2.2)

File16.jl (√): IRFs of aggregate variables to a distributional shock. (Section 5.5

File17.jl (√): IRFs of distributional variables to a distributional shock. (Section 5.5)
Why A distributional variable will have to respond to a distributional shock???

File19.jl, File.20.jl and File21.jl are used to deploy the alternative model.



